Add note about OperationCanceledException.CancellationToken (#6224)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/cancellation-and-catching-exceptions.md

}
```

> Note: Don't rely on the `OperationCanceledException.CancellationToken` property as it might not be set or a linked token is used further down the call stack. See [this blog post](https://blog.stephencleary.com/2022/03/cancellation-3-detecting-cancellation.html) for more information.

Reviewer: "Don't rely on..." is actually personal voice. Maybe:

```suggestion
Note: The `OperationCanceledException.CancellationToken` property is not a reliable reference to the token that caused cancellation. This property may not be set, or it may reference a linked token that was created within the called method. See [this blog post](https://blog.stephencleary.com/2022/03/cancellation-3-detecting-cancellation.html) for more information.
```
